= rup - a sane and simple Ruby package manager

rup is a very simple Ruby package manager that keeps track of which
package owns which files and not very much more.

It embraces established community conventions to work in a simple and
straightforward way.

== Just about everything you need to know to use grup

For code authors:

* Place your code into lib/, use a subdirectory as namespace if you
  have many files.
* Place your executables into bin/.
* Make extensions build with "ruby extconf.rb; make; make install".
* Don't fuzz with the $LOAD_PATH.
* Don't require Rubygems.

For users:

* Setup your RUBYLIB to include .ruby and ~/.ruby (in that order).

== Benefits

* Very easy to use and understand.
* No runtime dependencies, it's just plain Ruby.
* Easy to write tools for.

== Usage

  coolpackage-0.99.2% rup install   # will install in home
  coolpackage-0.99.2# rup install   # will install site-wide

  src% rup install --replace foobar-0.1 mehquux-0.2
  coolproject% rup install --here ~/src/foobar-0.2

  coolproject% rup list
  site/coolpackage
  home/foobar
  home/mehquux
  here/foobar

  coolproject% rup remove foobar
  root# rup remove /usr/lib/ruby/site_ruby/1.9.1/.coolpackage.rup

== Installation

  # bin/rup install

== What it doesn't do

* Versioning, updating
* Remote installation

These are things that will be addressed by wrapper scripts using rup.

== Copyright

Copyright (C) 2010 Christian Neukirchen <http://purl.org/net/chneukirchen>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

== Links

Github page:: <http://github.com/chneukirchen/rup>
Christian Neukirchen:: <http://chneukirchen.org/>
